HTML: better documentation for 'Void element' (#21195)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/html/multimedia_and_embedding/images_in_html/index.md

## How do we put an image on a webpage?

> In order to put a simple image on a webpage, we use the {{htmlelement("img")}} element. This is an {{Glossary("void element")}} (meaning that it can not have any text content or closing tag) that requires a minimum of one attribute to be useful — `src` (sometimes spoken as its full title, _source_). The `src` attribute contains a path pointing to the image you want to embed in the page, which can be a relative or absolute URL, in the same way as `href` attribute values in {{htmlelement("a")}} elements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to put a simple image on a webpage, we use the {{htmlelement("img")}} element. This is a {{Glossary("void element")}} (meaning that it can not have any text content or closing tag) that requires a minimum of one attribute to be useful — `src` (sometimes spoken as its full title, _source_). The `src` attribute contains a path pointing to the image you want to embed in the page, which can be a relative or absolute URL, in the same way as `href` attribute values in {{htmlelement("a")}} elements.
```

## How do we put an image on a webpage?

> In order to put a simple image on a webpage, we use the {{htmlelement("img")}} element. This is a {{Glossary("void element")}} (meaning that it can not have any text content or closing tag) that requires two attributes to be useful: `src` and `alt`. The `src` attribute—sometimes spoken as its full title, _source_—contains a path pointing to the image you want to embed in the page, which can be a relative or absolute URL, in the same way as `href` attribute values in {{htmlelement("a")}} elements. With out the `src` attribute, there is no image to load.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In order to put a simple image on a web page, we use the {{htmlelement("img")}} element. This is a {{Glossary("void element")}} (meaning, it cannot have any child content and cannot have an end tag) that requires two attributes to be useful: `src` and `alt`. The `src` attribute contains a URL pointing to the image you want to embed in the page. As with the`href` attribute for {{htmlelement("a")}} elements, the `src` attribute can be a relative URL or an absolute URL. Without an `src` attribute, an `img` element has no image to load.
```
